Try it yourself! (0.5 Hrs)

    Create a Student interface, which implements the following functions:
        Enroll -- accepts a string, returns an error object

    Create 3 Structs that have the following fields:
        ElementarySchooler, HighSchooler and CollegeStudent
            Name  : string
            Age   : int
            School: string

    For each Struct, create an Enroll function that matches the function signature in the Student interface.

    For all 3 Structs, their Enroll function will change their School to the given string. However, there are some slight differences:

        For ElementarySchooler, the School will have the word "Elementary" added.
        For HighSchooler, the School will have the word "High" added.
        For CollegeStudent, the School will have the word "University" added.

    The following behavior of the Enroll function will be the same for all 3 Structs:

        If the given string contains any numbers, return an error string that says:

            "School name cannot contain any numeric characters!"

        Otherwise, print a message in the following format:

            Struct.Name, age Struct.Age, enrolled at Struct.School + School_Suffix

            Example:
                "Oliver, age 9, enrolled at Washington Elementary."

    In your main function, use a slice of Students to create 4 objects -- 1 for each Struct you created
    (the 4th one can be any of the 3 Structs), and populate the Name and Age fields only.

    Using the Student interface type, loop over your 4 objects and Enroll them to any school you like
    (use the same string for the first 3 calls to the Enroll function (e.g. "Washington"),
    but for the 4th call, add a number within the string (e.g. "Wash1ngton")), and
    Print the Output or any Errors for each Student afterwards.

        SAMPLE OUTPUT:

            Oliver, age 9, enrolled at Washington Elementary.
            Emily, age 14, enrolled at Washington High.
            Sophia, age 20, enrolled at Washington University.
            School name cannot contain any numeric characters!

    HINT:

        1. You can loop over strings with "range". With this, you can check each character in a string!
